Chapter 2: Ojou’s Secret Maneuvers
“Tendou-san. Are you free now? There’s something I’d like you and Eito to help me with.”

It was after school, just as Ojou and I were about to head home, that Yukimichi called out to us. He was holding a large, unfamiliar paper bag.

“I’m available.”

“My schedule depends on Ojou, but… what do you need our help with? It seems to have something to do with the contents of that paper bag.”

“A sharp observation.”

With a nod, Yukimichi took out a box slightly larger than a tablet from the bag. It didn’t look like a commercial product. There was writing on the surface of the box in marker.

“…‘The Game of Life (Provisional)’?”

“Yup. A friend of mine asked me to make it. I thought since I went to the trouble, I’d have you two help me test-play it.”

Inside the box was indeed a complete set for the Game of Life. At a glance, it was so well-made you couldn’t tell it apart from a store-bought one.

“You’re really good with your hands.”

“Oh, c’mon. I just got good at it from being ordered around by girls.”

I debated for a second whether I should pity him, but if he’s happy with it, there’s no need to rain on his parade.

“Kazami’s handiwork aside, this looks interesting, doesn’t it? Let’s play.”

“If Ojou says so…”

I wonder if she was drawn in by the fact that it was handmade rather than store-bought.

It’s true that, in the sense that it was more likely to produce something bizarre and unexpected than a commercial product, it might have tickled Ojou’s curiosity.

“The basic rules are the same as the normal Game of Life. You roll the dice and move the number of spaces you get. Then, whatever is written on the square you land on happens, or you carry out a command.”

“Dice? Not a spinner?”

“Nah. I haven’t gotten around to making that part yet. For today, just use the dice.”

Yukimichi said as he pulled out a ten-sided die, but—

“Hold on. There is nothing in this world I trust less than a die you brought yourself, Kazami.”

“That’s a horrible thing to say…”

“It’s because of your usual behavior.”

And to be honest, I agreed with Ojou’s opinion.

“If we have to ‘carry out a command,’ that means we’ll be forced to do something, right? There’s a good chance you’re trying to cheat and make Ojou and me do something weird.”

“My lack of credibility wounds me. …Still, I didn’t bring any other dice.”

“You can rest easy on that front. I have my own die.”

What Ojou pulled from her uniform pocket with a fluid motion was a black, ten-sided die.

“? Ojou, it’s unusual for you to have a ten-sided die on you.”

“You’re right. It just so happened, by pure chance, to be in my pocket.”

“I, I see…”

I wonder if such a coincidence is really possible…

…Am I overthinking it? In the first place, there’s no reason for Ojou to go out of her way to keep a ten-sided die in her uniform pocket. She had no way of knowing that Yukimichi would be bringing The Game of Life (Provisional) today.

Besides, it’s at least more trustworthy than the die Yukimichi brought.

“Alright, let’s start with Tendou-san’s die then. The order… is it okay if we go clockwise starting with me?”

“I don’t mind. It seems like things will go smoother if the creator of the game goes first.”

“If Ojou is fine with it, then I am too.”

Clockwise… considering where we’re sitting now, that means Yukimichi is first, Ojou is second, and I’m third.

“Okay. In that case, I’ll borrow Tendou-san’s ten-sided die… and these are the pawns. And this is the paper money…”

The pawns were shaped like cars, into which you stick pins representing the players.

Both the money and the pawns were of a quality not so different from the commercial version. The guy’s dexterity was good enough to make a living from.

“And, done. Preparations are complete. …I’ll say this before we start, but what’s written on the squares you land on is absolute. You have to follow it. Otherwise, it’ll just spoil the mood.”

“…You. I bet you’ve planned something weird, haven’t you?”

“I’m aware. Let’s start already. We’re wasting time.”

“Alright, alright. Then, I’ll go fir—”

I tried to press him, but Ojou paid it no mind and urged the game to begin.

Since Ojou is so eager, I feel bad about throwing a wrench in things.

…Oh, well. If things get weird, I can just stop it.

“The number I rolled is… a ten right off the bat.”

Yukimichi moved his pawn ten spaces. …However, there was nothing written on the square he landed on.

“…Hmm? Wait a minute. This Game of Life doesn’t have anything written on any of the squares.”

“Heh heh. Actually, these are all stickers. You peel off the sticker on the space you land on, and the content is revealed. The thrill of not knowing what’s written is nice, right?”

“Hoh. That’s quite elaborate.”

I couldn’t help but be impressed. It seemed that every single space had a sticker on it.

This might actually be a little exciting.

“Alright. What was this space again… geh.”

【Run ten laps around the school building. During that time, the player’s turn is skipped.】

“Ouch. Looks like I drew a really bad one right from the start.”

“My condolences.”

“Man, that’s a real shame. And my turn gets skipped until I finish ten laps around the school. Don’t mind me, just go on and play the game, you two.”

“Right. We’ll proceed without you, just the two of us, without any hesitation.”

————What was that? Just now, for a second… did they just exchange a look…?

While I was tilting my head in confusion, Yukimichi stood up and disappeared into the after-school hallway.

“It’s my turn next.”

“R-Right.”

Ojou rolls the die as if nothing happened… huh? Ojou, weren’t you holding the die in your right hand before I looked away…? When did she switch it to her left?

“The number is… eight. Move forward eight spaces and…”

Ojou moves her pawn and peels off the sticker on the space she landed on.

【Hold hands with the person next to you, fingers interlaced, until your next turn.】

…………………………………………What is this command?

“Um, Ojou…………”

“Oh my. Can’t be helped if that’s what came up. And right now, Eito is the only one next to me… shall we? Hold hands like lovers.”

“No, isn’t this command a bit strange…?”

“Strange? I wonder. I think it’s a perfectly normal command.”

“Normal…………???”

Perhaps Ojou and I have different definitions of ‘normal.’

“The rule is to obey the command, is it not?”

“…If you say so, Ojou, I do not mind.”

“Mm.”

With the utmost reverence, I took Ojou’s hand and intertwined our fingers.

…It’s soft. And warm. I feel like I can feel Ojou’s body heat transferring to me.

“Fufu. Eito, your hands have gotten bigger.”

“How long ago are you talking about?”

Ojou had, at some point, moved her chair next to mine… and I feel like the distance between us is closer, too.



“Um, Ojou… aren’t you a little too close?”

“It can’t be helped, can it? We have to do a lovers’ hand-hold. Right?”

But even so, is it really necessary to be close enough for our shoulders to touch?

Ojou looks satisfied, so I don’t really mind, but…

“Come. Let’s continue the game. It’s your turn, Eito.”

☆

The revelation of the ‘Prince-like-guy-in-front-of-the-station Cookie Incident’ (the time Eito helped a girl on the street and received cookies as a thank you) spurred me to set in motion a certain plan I had been considering for a while.

“How unusual. For you to be the one calling me, Tendou-san.”

“I have a favor to ask of you.”

“A favor? That’s even more unusual. Don’t tell me, have you finally remembered that we’re childhood friends?”

“That’s not a line you get to say, you who won’t open your heart to anyone, let alone your ‘childhood friend’.”

“Oh, this is unexpected. To think the Ojou-sama had a desire to be friendly with me. Shall we start calling each other by our first names?”

“I refuse.”

This childhood friend of mine has never opened up to those around him. That’s why he insists on calling me the distant ‘Tendou-san.’ It’s never particularly bothered me, and I don’t really care. …The only one Kazami has probably opened his heart to is Eito. That’s why, I suspect, he only calls Eito by his first name.

“…I’d like to get to the point, if you don’t mind.”

“Sure thing. Whether I accept or not depends on the reward, though.”

“I appreciate your directness.”

In short, as long as I can provide a reward, he’ll make a move. I value this straightforward aspect of Kazami.

“There’s something I want you to make. You’re good with your hands, aren’t you?”

“Well, my mother’s an engineer, and I’ve helped out with various things, so I’m pretty confident in that area. What do you want me to make?”

“A Game of Life.”

“……………………Sorry. Could you explain that in a little more detail?”

“Hah… It can’t be helped. For your slow-on-the-uptake self, I’ll explain it in more detail.”

“……………………Thanks a bunch.”

“A Game of Life for me and Eito to flirt legitimately.”

“……………………You should really get some sleep.”

“Who’s sleep-deprived?”

How rude. Of course, I make sure to get enough sleep.

“I’ve prepared the detailed specifications, so I just need you to give it form. Also, it would be a great help if you could cooperate when it’s time to play with Eito.”

“Well… I don’t really mind. It sounds interesting. But I’ll be expecting a reward for my troubles.”

“…Fine. What is your price?”

“One favor.”

“…To think I’d end up owing you a favor. I’d rather you just demanded a wad of cash.”

“For me, having a favor owed by Tendou Hoshine is worth more than money.”

I hate being indebted to this man, but it can’t be helped.

Ever since we started high school, the number of girls approaching Eito has increased. I’m prepared for a certain amount of risk.

“I understand. I accept those terms.”

“Contract established.”

Kazami completed the ‘Game of Life’ in about three days after I sent the specifications.

But the problem started from there. The question was how to get Eito to play this ‘Game of Life’.

If I were to suddenly bring it to him and order him to play with me, it would be nothing more than an extension of our ‘master and servant relationship.’ That wouldn’t do. The game’s effect would be lost.

It had to be natural. If we played at the mansion, we couldn’t escape the atmosphere of our ‘master and servant relationship.’ For instance, yes… what if it was within the academy? Then we might be able to play in a situation as ‘fellow students’ rather than as ‘master and servant.’

So, the method I came up with was to have Kazami invite us.

This way, I could naturally bring about the situation of ‘students playing with a friend after school.’

But there’s one problem with this plan. The simple fact that Kazami is in the way.

“I could just leave for some reason, you know.”

“That would still be unnatural. It has to be natural, inevitable… yes. Let’s have you exit on the command for the tenth space. If I rig the die so that it always lands on ‘ten,’ there won’t be a problem.”

“Wouldn’t that mean you and Eito would also land on the tenth space?”

“I’ll switch the dice when I see an opportunity. I just need to rig this other die so it doesn’t land on ‘ten’.”

“Wow. That’s quite an elaborate plan….”

However, using a die prepared by Kazami might arouse suspicion, so we decided on a flow where I would reject the die he presented and provide my own. This would at least alleviate some of the concern that the die was rigged.

And so, on the day.

Everything went according to plan, and Eito and I ended up proceeding with the game, just the two of us.

An after-school classroom. Just the two of us. A situation that couldn’t be better.

With this, I can flirt with Eito to my heart’s content.

But that’s not my only goal… with this game, I’m going to win over Eito.

☆

“Next is a ‘five.’ The fifth space is… 【Hug the person next to you for ten seconds.】”

“Um… Ojou.”

“The person next to Eito is… me.”

“Ojou?”

“Come. I want you to hug me.”

Ojou has a broad smile on her face, her arms wide open, fully prepared to be hugged.

“I don’t mind doing that, but…”

“What is it?”

“Don’t you think this ‘Game of Life (Provisional)’ is strange, after all…?”

“You think so? I don’t think it’s strange at all, not one little bit.”

A truly iron-clad smile. She pays my suspicions no mind at all.

“Hurry up and hug me?”

“Y-Yes, understood…”

This is strange. As I thought, there’s something strange about this Game of Life…!

It’s been a while since the game started, but all the commands have been like this.

I resentfully think of Yukimichi, who has yet to return from his laps around the school building, but the person in question is not here. …I think a fair amount of time has passed, but there’s no sign of him coming back.

“Well then, excuse me.”

“Mm.”

I pull the waiting, open-armed Ojou into a hug. Her slender body is as beautiful and delicate as glasswork, making me hesitate. But Ojou herself must have seen through my hesitation. She wraps her arms around my back, hugging me tightly.

“…You’ve also become quite strong, Eito.”

“I do train, you know.”

“Fufu. That’s right. So boyish… yes. It’s wonderful.”

While I wonder if it’s really okay for me to be hugging Ojou, she herself seems very satisfied.

“You’ve gotten so much taller than me, too.”

“Well, of course. I’m not a little child anymore.”

“Yes. That’s right. We’re not little children anymore. Neither of us.”

…Just now, I feel like she really emphasized the ‘neither of us’ part.

“Hey, Eito. I’m growing too, you know?”

“Yes. I am aware.”

“Do you really understand what that means?”

“? Yes.”

“Just like how you’ve grown in height, and build, and other ways, I’m growing too… Where do you think, Eito? The part of me that’s grown.”

I have a feeling it’s been more than ten seconds already…

But Ojou shows no signs of letting go. On the contrary, she’s hugging me even tighter, as if trying to press her entire body against me without leaving any part out…?

“Ojou grows every day, so if I were to count the ways, there would be no end, but…”

“There’s no need to overcomplicate it. …Just say what you feel, honestly.”

…Say what I feel, honestly, huh.

“Let’s see. I’d have to say…”

“…You’d have to say?”

Ojou is looking up at me. Her eyes are filled with anticipation, sparkling brightly.

“Is it how you’ve become able to be spoiled by others?”

“……………………………………………………”

The light in Ojou’s eyes vanished in an instant.

…Huh. I wonder if what I wanted to say didn’t come across clearly.

I should probably explain it again, properly.

“Ojou, you have always been talented and a hard worker, but because of that, I felt you were not good at honestly relying on others. But now, I believe you have become able to properly accept help from others and be spoiled by someone. …That is a splendid sign of growth, I think.”

“That’s not it, is it!?”

“It’s not!?”

I thought I had pointed out a point of Ojou’s splendid growth, but apparently, she is extremely dissatisfied with it.

“Hey, Eito. You’re hugging me right now, aren’t you?”

“Yes. Though I am aware of my audacity…”

“Holding me tight like this, there must have been something you honestly felt, right?”

“There was.”

“Say it.”

“That you’ve become able to be spoiled by others.”

“That’s not it.”

“It’s not.”

I don’t get it… I don’t get anything anymore…!

“I’m not talking about that kind of mental stuff. I’m talking about something more physical.”

“Is that really alright with you, Ojou?”

“Are you the one to say that?”

I feel an incredible pressure from Ojou’s smile. For now, all I know is that I’m in the wrong.

“It’s because the mental side is a lost cause that I’m attacking with the physical.”

Even if it’s physical and not mental, this is Ojou we’re talking about. It must be something so noble that it’s beyond the scope of a mere commoner like me to imagine.

“Then, my apologies, but would you be so kind as to instruct me on the part of you that has grown?”

“My boobs got bigger.”

“Ojou!?”

“They got tight again just the other day, it was such a hassle.”

Fufun, Ojou proudly puffs out her chest, which has apparently gotten tight. My eyes are involuntarily drawn to the swell that’s noticeable even through her uniform. But I must not direct such wicked eyes toward my master. Remember your place. Remember your station. It is a miracle in itself that I am able to serve by Ojou’s side like this. Don’t get conceited. Calm your spirit.

“…You mustn’t, Ojou. You mustn’t say such things so freely. You will damage the dignity of the Tendou family. Please have some self-awareness as a young lady.”

“I don’t need that kind of common sense.”

“No, common sense is necessary, I think…”

For now, since ten seconds have definitely passed, I let go of Ojou.

That Yukimichi. Because you made such a strange game, Ojou got carried away by the mood and started spouting strange things.

“It’s your turn, Ojou.”

In any case, let’s just finish this game quickly. Fortunately, the game is nearing its end. It probably won’t take long to finish. There are all sorts of weird commands, but perhaps he struggled to come up with variations, as there aren’t that many squares.

Ojou, though looking displeased, rolls the die and gets an eight.

“The eighth space is…”

We’ve been given all sorts of commands so far, but surely he’s run out of ideas by now.

Yukimichi’s concentration must have run out around here, so he must have put in something light…

“【Until their next turn, the attendant shall princess-carry the master.】”

“The attendant shall princess-carry the master!?”

I couldn’t believe my eyes for a moment, but it was written clearly and distinctly on the square: 【Until their next turn, the servant shall princess-carry the master.】

“Ojou! This is just too strange!”

“What part?”

“This is calling me out by name, isn’t it!”

“It’s your imagination.”

“It’s not my imagination, it’s written in clear text.”

“My name isn’t written there, is it?”

“W-Well, that’s true, but…!”

Ojou’s face is completely calm.

…Am I… Am I the strange one…………!?

☆

…Muu. Eito is as tough as ever.

I’ve tried all sorts of commands, but he just won’t become conscious of me.

I even tried pressing my developed body against him, but even that wasn’t a decisive blow. …I was pretty confident about it, too.

But the game is already in its final stage.

From here on, I’m going to press my attack all at once and win him over…!

“Eito. Carry me.”

“…Understood. The fact that it’s practically naming me is bothering me, but if it’s just this much, well.”

Reluctantly, Eito scoops me up into his arms.

He’s so strong, lifting my body with ease.

…Yeah. It’s not what we were just talking about, but Eito is growing, too.

When he hugged me earlier, my heart was secretly pounding at his muscular body, and even now, his gallant face, his gentle hands…

N-No. Not now. Right now, I’m the one doing the capturing.

If I’m the one getting flustered, it defeats the whole purpose.

“Ojou, you’re light.”

“Oh my. You’re quite the flatterer.”

“It’s what I truly think. …So light, it almost makes me a little worried.”

“Then, you’d better hold on to me tightly so I don’t fly away.”

Although I said it was flattery… a part of me is happy to be called light by Eito. And because it’s Eito, I know it’s not a lie, it’s what he truly thinks.

“Um, Ojou. With my hands full like this, I can’t roll the die. Could you roll for me?”

“O-Oh, yes. You’re right.”

I roll the die for Eito, and the number is ‘one’.

He moves forward one space and peels off the sticker.

“【Name ten things you like about the person next to you.】 …So, I just have to name ten things I like about you, Ojou?”

“It seems so. Can you do it, Eito?”

“It’s simple.”

“Hmph. Well then, let’s hear them?”

“‘The part of you that’s a hard worker.’”

As I urged him on, Eito began to list them off without any hesitation at all.

“‘The part of you that’s honest with yourself.’”

…………

“‘The part of you that has learned to be spoiled by others.’”

……………………Wait.

“‘The part of you that can cherish others’ feelings.’”

“U-Um, Eito.”

“‘The part of you that has confidence in yourself.’”

“W-Wait. Stop. Just stop for a second!”

“Ojou? What’s the matter?”

“No… well, that is…………”

Being princess-carried, our faces are closer than when he just hugged me. Because of my position, it’s like Eito is whispering in my ear… and in that state, for him to list off things he likes about me so smoothly is………………it has a much higher destructive power than I imagined.

“There are still five left, you know?”

“Uhm………… A-Aren’t there any other things?”

“Other things?”

“Not that kind of internal stuff, but more like… right. Physical things, about my appearance.”

“Ojou’s charm isn’t just in your appearance, but…”

“I can’t take it. Fine, no more talk about my inner self. From now on, only my appearance.”

“I do not mind, but…”

If it’s just my appearance, I’m used to hearing all sorts of compliments from people.

If it’s just superficial talk, I should be able to endure the destructive power even in this princess-carried state.

“Your golden hair is beautiful.”

“I see. Thank you.”

…Yeah. Being complimented by Eito really does make me happy. It’s on a different level from when other people say it. But since I’m used to hearing it, I think I can somehow endure until the end.

“Its silky smooth texture is also wonderful, but its beauty when it reflects the sunlight is something I can never get enough of, no matter how many times I’m captivated by it. During breakfast, your figure illuminated by the morning sun is like a fairy… no. It’s a beauty like that of a goddess—”

“Wait.”

“Ojou? Why are you covering your face with your hands?”

“Just wait a second.”

No. I can’t let him see this face. Because, I’m sure… I think it’s so red that even the sunset couldn’t hide it.

“…………What was that, just now?”

“I intended to list things I like about Ojou, limited to your appearance.”

“…………I don’t need flattery.”

“This is my honest, unvarnished opinion.”

“…………I see.”

Ah, this is bad. I can tell. This pure smile is telling no lies or falsehoods. Which is exactly… what makes him so difficult to deal with.

“Enough about my hair… pick something else.”

“Then next would be your blue eyes. As transparent as the sky, a clear blue that I never tire of looking at, no matter how many times, no matter for how long. I could gaze at them for an eternity. Like the ocean emitting a dazzling radiance, and a beauty like that of a jewel, their value is immeasurable. No, even to set a price would be tactless. Even if you gathered all the jewels in the world, they could never match the beauty of Ojou’s eyes—”

“Okay I lose!”

This is impossible. If he keeps whispering things like this in my ear while I’m being princess-carried, my heart won’t be able to take it.

“…………Hey. Do you say things like that to other girls, too?”

“If I were asked what I liked about someone, I would answer with my true feelings in the same way.”

“Ah, yes, that’s right. I know.”

That’s right. I knew it. Eito isn’t just like this with me; he finds the good in people and puts it into words. What he just said was just him stating the obvious, it’s not anything special. It’s not special…

“However, you are the only one, Ojou, for whom I can speak so many words.”

…………………………………………Huh?

“Does that mean… I’m special to you?”

“Of course.”

Without a lag of even a few tenths of a second, without a hint of hesitation or wavering, Eito declared it.

“…………Am I the only one who’s special?”

“Yes. The only one special to me in this world is you, Ojou.”

“………………………………………………………………”

Special? Did he say special? He did, didn’t he? And what’s more? In my ear? Didn’t he whisper it sweetly? Was it my imagination? (Note: It was her imagination.) Eh—what is this no way no way no way is this really real? Not a dream or something? Reality? Is this reality? Actually, it feels so unreal, isn’t this actually a dream? You know, it’s a common thing, right? Those nighttime establishments where you pay money to drink and they show you a dream… ah, so should I just pay? If I pay and order an expensive drink will he show me the dream one more time? It’s fine, leave it to me, Eito. This Tendou Hoshine will make you the number one host. Because I have enough money to build not just a bath of cash, but a whole private beach of cash! Come, Eito, let’s ascend the world of the night together!

“I’ll open twenty thousand bottles of Dom Pérignon, so will you say that again!?”

“Ojou!? What are you saying with your eyes spinning like that!?”

————And so, with me having safely lost my sanity, the game came to a close.

…I was planning on winning him over, but I was the one who got taken down instead.

For a while after that, I couldn’t look Eito in the face properly.

☆

“Yeesh~ Even I have to sympathize with you getting taken down like that this time.”

“………………Right. As for that sympathy, I’ll accept it graciously.”

“Whoa… this is more serious than I thought.”

Over the phone, Kazami’s voice was seeping with heartfelt sympathy.

Right now, I didn’t even have the energy to retort with something like “I don’t need your pity.”

“I mean, you got countered in a game you set up by making me owe you a favor, so I guess it’s only natural, huh…”

“Hmph… But to not get up for free even when I fall is who I am, Tendou Hoshine.”

“Did you gain anything from it?”

“Of course. Did you think I was just losing my mind over Eito’s sweet nothings?”

“My apologies. I thought you were just losing your mind over Eito’s sweet nothings.”

“Fufufu… You can only say that for so long.”

“So, what was this gain?”

“I’ve realized that if Eito will tell me ‘Ojou, you’re special,’ then I’m willing to give him anything! I have that resolve!”

“If anything, I think you’ve just realized you’re the least suited person for that kind of business.”

That’s not true. Because I have money.

“I mean, if you have time to be a patron, why don’t you use that ridiculous fortune of yours to, like, approach Eito?”

“Shut up. I don’t even know what kind of move to make anymore…”

“Why don’t you just hurry up and confess to him already?”

“That’s impossible.”

“Reason?”

“………………I’ve tried a few times, but every time I try to confess, my heart pounds so much I can’t get the words out right.”

“Ah—… so things got too complicated and ended up like this.”

I was annoyed by the “ended up like this” part, but I didn’t have the energy to argue back right now, so I deliberately swallowed my words.

“…You know, I think I’ll stop with the short, decisive battles and take my time to close in on him. I’ve realized from my recent attacks that I think we’re just too close. Maybe we should try spending more time apart.”

“Well, you have been together since you were kids… It might be true that because you’re too close, he doesn’t see you that way. Sounds good, doesn’t it? Though there is a concern.”

“A concern?”

“If you’re not careful, another girl might snatch him away. For example, while you’re spending time apart, he might run into a big new thieving cat (a new heroine)… or something?”

“A big new thieving cat (a new heroine)? For example?”

“Uhm… ah, do you know about the news that’s on right now? About the songstress who returned to the country.”

“Yes. A company affiliated with our group has handled her concerts before… but wasn’t that songstress-sama on a hiatus right now?”

“Rumor has it she’s in this town, and that songstress-sama is apparently the same age as us.”

“You’re saying there’s a possibility Eito might run into that songstress-sama? That’s quite a bizarre and interesting joke.”

“Hahaha. Right?~”

“………………………………”

“………………………………”

An indescribable silence fell. It seemed Kazami was thinking the same thing.

—With him, it’s possible.

“…By the way, what’s Eito up to today?”

“…I gave him the day off and forced him out of the house. He tries to work on his days off, so I have to do this or he won’t rest. …Besides, I was just thinking of putting some distance between us so he’d become more aware of me.”

“…I see.”

“………………………………”

“………………………………”

Another indescribable silence fell. It seemed Kazami was thinking the same thing.

—Could this have been a bad move?

“W-Well. No matter what, it’s not like he’s just going to conveniently run into a songstress on hiatus in the middle of town.”

“R-Right. No matter what, right…………”

I ended the call, then immediately operated my phone and called Eito.

It’s not that I’m worried. I just felt like hearing Eito’s voice for a bit. If he picks up, let’s see. I’ll ask how he’s doing. The conversation would go like this: Hello, Eito, are you enjoying your day off? The weather is so pleasant, so you should take a walk and rest your body. See you later. …Yes. Perfect. No problems with the conversation simulation. Now all that’s left is for Eito to answer the call…

…………Answer the call….

……………………If he answers….

…………………………………………That’s strange. It’s not connecting.

Usually, he answers before the third ring.

“………………………………”

I put my phone away, then pulled some clothes from my closet and called out to one of the mansion’s attendants.

“I’m going out. Have the car brought around.”