Chapter 4: The Young Lady and the Diva
The news of the Diva, who had been on hiatus, transferring into our school spread like wildfire throughout the academy in the blink of an eye.

“Whoa! It’s the real Habataki Otoha!”

“Why’d you transfer to our school!?”

“If you wouldn’t mind, your contact info…!”

“Um! I’m a fan! Please shake my hand!”

The moment class ended after homeroom, a crowd instantly formed around her. It grew with every passing period—second, third—until during break time, there was a throng of spectators even outside the classroom.

By lunchtime, the student council had to intervene directly, forced to warn the surrounding onlookers.

“To think she’d transfer to our school of all places…”

Ojou has been slumped over her desk since this morning. It’s rare to see her this down, but I have absolutely no idea what’s gotten her so depressed.

“The transfer procedures were probably in motion for a while. Just bad luck, I suppose…”

Yukimichi is looking at Ojou with eyes full of sympathy.

Is it just my imagination? This feeling that I’m the only one being left behind.

In any case, with such a huge crowd, from morning until the end-of-day homeroom, we couldn’t even get close to Otoha-san, let alone talk to her.

Ojou seems shy, too, as she isn’t actively trying to approach her either.

They had quite a long chat in the car on the way back last holiday, though… Maybe because I’m their only common link, I feel like they talked a lot, asking things like “What’s your relationship with Eito?” or “Does Eito serve you?” It’d be great if this transfer could give Ojou and Otoha-san more to talk about.

If that happens, Ojou might make a good friend in Otoha-san.

“Um, Habataki-san! It’s your first day, so you must be unfamiliar with the school, right!?”

“Please let me show you around!”

“You trying to get a head start!”

A battle quickly broke out over the grand role of being Habataki Otoha’s guide.

The wave of commotion gradually spread, and it seemed like the student council would have to step in again, but—

“…Thank you. But it’s okay.”

Otoha-san, who had been perfectly still until now, suddenly stood up from her seat and quietly walked over to our desks.

“…I’m having Eito be my guide.”

After that single sentence, a silence fell over the noisy classroom as if all sound had vanished.

“““Eeeeeeeh—!?”“”

The students’ voices swelled up at once and then burst.

“H-Hey, Yagiri! You know Habataki Otoha!?”

“First off, what’s your relationship with her!?”

The wave of classmates now surged toward me.

I guess if you’re an acquaintance of the Diva, that’s a natural reaction.

But being asked ‘what’s our relationship’ puts me in a tough spot. Friend… would that be too presumptuous? Or runaway buddies? I can’t find the right words.

“My relationship with Eito is…”

As I was racking my brain, Otoha-san, who had apparently already gathered her thoughts, made a move. Her slender, beautiful index finger touched her lips. The beauty of the gesture left the surrounding students speechless, watching with bated breath.

After a brief silence, Otoha-san finally…

“…a secret.”

…let slip a beautiful, fleeting smile, as ephemeral as snow.

A secret relationship, huh. True, “runaway” isn’t a word you’d want to spread around, and the fact that she “can’t sing anymore” hasn’t been made public.

It’s probably safer to wrap it in a veil of secrecy. As expected of the Diva. She’s a master at handling these situations.

“A secret relationship… you say…!?”

“Could it be… you’re lovers!?”

“…That’s also a secret.”

To the female student’s excited question, Otoha-san gave the same reply with a smile. She probably knew that adding any more words might let slip about her ‘running away’ or ‘not being able to sing.’ Maybe this is her way of protecting herself, limiting information to the bare minimum.

“Ojou. Otoha-san’s response is an impressive defense, isn’t it? I should take notes.”

“Defense? More like an offense… To think the experience she’s built up from dealing with the media would be this troublesome…!”

Ojou looked somewhat frustrated as she said that.

“…Eito. Let’s go.”

Otoha-san wraps my hand in both of her own, which are as white and beautiful as snow.

“Ojou. Is that alright?”

“That should be fine. I believe she’ll feel more at ease with an acquaintance by her side.”

Ojou smiled, then stood from her seat.

“Well, shall we go? Neither of us wants to waste our precious after-school time, right?”

Saying so, Ojou hugs my arm tightly.

The fact that I feel like she’s pressing her chest against me… is it because her words from ‘The Game of Life (Provisional)’ are replaying in my head?

“…Just Eito is enough for the tour.”

“You don’t have to be considerate of me. Why don’t the three of us go around together, just like on our day off the other day?”

“…”

“…”

“…We weren’t touring as a trio that time. I was alone with Eito.”

“Oh, my. Weren’t the three of us together at the park? Have you already forgotten everything we talked about in the car on the way back?”

“…”

“…”

For an instant. It was truly just for an instant, but… for some reason, at that moment, I saw an image of the two of them clashing blades, sending sparks flying. Weird. Am I tired? And here I thought managing my health was basic. I’m still so immature.

“‘A trio’…? ‘Just like on our day off’… ? So, Tendou-san was there, too?”

“I see. So it wasn’t just Yagiri and Habataki-san; the three of them, including Tendou-san, were acquaintances.”

“Well, that makes sense. Yagiri serves Tendou-san, after all.”

The classmates seemed to have reached some sort of understanding about our relationship.

That’s Ojou for you. To hide the circumstances Otoha-san wouldn’t want to bring to light, like her “running away” or “not being able to sing,” she purposely drew attention to herself to distract everyone. Otoha-san’s ability to handle the situation is amazing, but Ojou is not losing to her either.

“…Hey, Eito.”

“Hm? What’s up, Yukimichi.”

“Dude, how can you stay so calm sandwiched between that much pressure…? If it were me, I’d be diced into bite-sized steak in an instant. I respect you for that…”

“There you go saying weird stuff again… Just in case, are you coming on the tour? You’re well-informed, so it’d be a help if you came.”

“Whoa there, Eito, watch your words.”

Yukimichi let a faint, fleeting smile play on his lips and shrugged.

“…”

“…”

Nearby, Ojou and Otoha-san’s silent gazes were fixed on Yukimichi.

“There are lives in this world that can be extinguished with a single word, y’know?”

“You’re exaggerating again…”

Good grief. This is one of Yukimichi’s bad habits.

He has a tendency to make these kinds of exaggerated statements sometimes.

“…Well then, shall we go? Habataki-san.”

“…Alright. Let’s go together. Tendou-san.”

It feels like the two of them have really started to open up to each other.

They might just become good friends.

☆

“That’s the cafeteria over there. It might be difficult now, but please use it when things have calmed down. The food is quite popular with the students.”

“…I’ll keep that in mind. When that time comes, will you come with me, Eito?”

“Indeed. Having lunch together as a trio might not be a bad idea.”

“…It doesn’t have to be the three of us together.”

“I see. In that case, let’s invite Kazami and make it four.”

We’ve been touring the school for a while now, and countless words have already been exchanged between Ojou and Otoha-san. Strangely, in my eyes, it looked as though the two were clashing with blades in hand, but that must have been a hallucination born from fatigue.

This might be the first time I’ve seen Ojou talk this much with another girl at school… As for Otoha-san, she seems much more talkative than she was on that holiday.

Both Ojou and Otoha-san are all smiles; they must really get along. With just the right push, they could become good friends.

“This is the courtyard. As you can see, it’s quite spacious, so during lunch break it’s bustling with people sunbathing on the lawn or enjoying themselves playing games. And those beautiful flowers blooming proudly over there are the fruit of the gardening club’s hard work… How about it? Shall we take a break on that bench over there and admire the flowers?”

“…You’re right. There’s no point in being on edge the whole time.”

“…True. Taking a breather here might be a good idea.”

Good timing. Just as our school tour brought us to the courtyard, I guided the two of them to a bench.

…I wasn’t expecting them to sit shoulder-to-shoulder, but I also didn’t think they’d sit at opposite ends.

Seeing this, it doesn’t look like they’re getting along very well… No. Could it be… the two of them are—

—Are they just shy?

I see. With a third party like me around, maybe Ojou and Otoha-san are too embarrassed to act all friendly. In that sense, maybe these two really do get along.

…Alright.

I’ve personally been concerned for a while that Ojou doesn’t have any friends at school.

Otoha-san might just become a good friend who gets along well with Ojou.

It might be presumptuous of me, but I’ll give them a little push.

“Ojou. Otoha-san. You must be thirsty, right? I’ll go buy us something, so please rest here.”

Without giving them a chance to reply, I decided to leave for the time being.

It’s true that I’m going to buy drinks. However, not from the school store or vending machines, but from a coffee shop near the school.

I hope they can deepen their bond a little in the meantime.

☆

…He left before I could stop him.

Honestly, that Eito. What on earth is he thinking?

“…”

Habataki Otoha seems a little bewildered at suddenly being left alone with me… To be honest, though, I’m bewildered too.

Up until a moment ago, I had the momentum of keeping this thieving cat in check, but with Eito gone, all that momentum has completely vanished.

Then again, it’d be awkward to stay silent like this forever.

“…Hey.”

“…What is it?”

“…Have you been able to sing again?”

“…Yeah. Little by little, I’ve been able to sing since that day. Right now, I’m slowly taking lessons, in the middle of rehab. Since I have the chance, I plan to enjoy school life. The experience of being a student might broaden my range of expression…and I want to put my father at ease.”

“I see. That’s a relief.”

“…Were you worried about me?”

“I-It’s not like that. It’s just… regarding your singing voice… it’s frustrating, but it’s something even I have to acknowledge. I just thought it would be a waste if it were gone.”

“…Isn’t that what you call ‘worrying’?”

“I told you, that’s not it.”

Aargh, honestly. Is this girl a bit of an airhead?

I should probably change the subject.

“More importantly. Why did you transfer to this school?”

“…I’ve been interested for a while. My mother went here. I didn’t know Eito was here, so it’s a happy coincidence.”

“Your mother, you say… I’ve heard a few of her songs… They were wonderful songs that resonated with and colored people’s hearts. To the extent that even I would praise them without reservation.”

“…Of course. She’s my mother.”

“I was thinking this on our day off, but… you can make expressions like that, huh? You seemed much cooler on TV.”

“…Thanks to Eito.”

So that’s it. Honestly… that Eito. He does this sort of thing the moment I take my eyes off him. Since I’m also someone who was saved that way, I understand this girl’s feelings all the more.

“I want to be with him. I want to be by his side. I don’t want to give him up to anyone. I’ve never felt this way before. Eito’s the first.”

“…I see.”

A breeze flows through the after-school courtyard, gently stroking our cheeks.

“Yes. I can understand how you feel.”

Because we were both saved by the same person, and we both fell for the same person.

“…The daughter of the Tendou Group. I’ve only seen you briefly at parties, but you’re more…”

“More surprisingly cute than you expected?”

“…an interesting and amusing person.”

“Is that supposed to be a compliment?”

“…I mean it as one.”

I can’t quite decide if I should be happy about that.

“…You’re beautiful, cute, good at studying and sports, and you’re Eito’s master. A powerful rival.”

“…Hmph. You’re a beauty yourself, with a loveliness like a fairy straight out of a picture book. As for your singing, it’s frustrating, but even I have to admit its quality. Compared to the other thieving cats, I’ll admit you’re quite a handful.”

I’d never had such a frank conversation with another girl at school.

So it feels a little strange.

“…But I won’t lose.”

“That’s my line.”

No matter how tough my opponent is, I have no intention of handing Eito over.

“Ojou, Otoha-san.”

Eito’s finally back. Seeing the coffee shop’s paper bag in his hand, it seems he really did leave on purpose.

“Sorry to keep you waiting. …My apologies for being late. I was stopped by an acquaintance on the way.”

“It’s fine. We were having fun over here.”

“…Yeah. It was a meaningful time.”

“I’m glad to hear that.”

I take the coffee from Eito. The logo on it is from a shop under the Tendou Group umbrella. …As expected of Eito. He’s perfectly grasped my taste. Right, right. I gave some advice during the development of this espresso and we made some improvements. Thanks to that, sales improved compared to before…

“Wait a minute.”

“Ojou?”

My intuition is telling me something. I feel like I heard something in Eito’s words just now that I can’t let slide…

“Eito. You said you were stopped by an acquaintance, right?”

“Yes. Is something wrong?”

“Who stopped you, and what for?”

“It was a girl from Class C’s girls’ basketball team. She said she had a request she absolutely had to ask me.”

“Heeh… I see. A request she had to ask, huh…”

If I recall, there’s only one member of the girls’ basketball team in Class C. Not only that, she’s a promising talent who even went to the nationals in middle school, and she was supposed to be a hot topic in magazines as a rising star.

“By the way, what’s your relationship with her?”

“A while ago, when she was struggling with basketball, I happened to pass by… I just listened to her a bit and joined her for practice.”

Ah, I see. Come to think of it, there was a time in middle school when Eito was devouring books on basketball and training, and waking up early in the morning to make ridiculously nutritionally-balanced lunches… I wondered why he was suddenly into basketball… that solves one mystery.

“…What kind of request?”

It seems Habataki-san has caught on too.

“If they win the upcoming ball game tournament, she wants me to join the girls’ basketball team… and if possible, become her exclusive practice partner.”

““…””

I see, I see. An exclusive practice partner, hmm…?

Heeh. Hmm. So that’s how it is. This is that thing, isn’t it. The kind of thing that starts with being a practice partner and ends up with them being life partners.

“Right, Eito. We’re heading home now, so could you go get our bags from the classroom? Habataki-san’s as well.”

“Understood. Please wait a moment.”

“Yes. I’m counting on you.”

Eito jogged off again. He’ll probably be back faster this time, but even a little bit of time will be more than enough.

“Hey, Habataki-san. Do you know what the event for the girls is in the next ball game tournament?”

“…Basketball.”

“Exactly. By the way, have you had any experience with basketball?”

“…I’ve never played. But I’m athletic.”

“I haven’t played much either, but I’d say I have a knack for it.”

“…Then we both need to practice.”

“Indeed. First, we’ll need to arrange for training facilities and a coach to guide us.”

“…To get ready by the ball game tournament, we’ll probably need some intense training. A sheltered young lady like you might not be able to handle it.”

“Save your sleep talk for when you’re sleeping. I’m more worried about a delicate Diva like you. You might just collapse halfway through.”

“…That’s the real sleep talk. Harsh lessons are my daily routine.”

We stared into each other’s eyes… The intent was clear. Our wills were aligned.

“I’ll arrange for the training facilities and a coach.”

“…I’ll clear my entire after-school schedule.”

☆

Tenjouin Academy’s ball game tournament is a big event for the students, partly because there are prizes.

Apparently, it wasn’t always like that, but at some point, reforms by the student council and the Harmony Committee—a committee established to bridge the gap between internal and external students—led to the current prize-giving format.

So, the morale of the students waiting in the classroom is high. The members of the sports clubs are particularly fired up. And there are high expectations from those around them for the students who belong to the same club as the competition event.

“Still… even if we’re on the basketball team, we’re not even on the bench.”

“Besides, Oda-san is in Class C…”

Oda Honami-san. A first-year who’s already secured a regular spot on the girls’ basketball team… no, she’s the rising star of the girls’ basketball world. It seems she had some troubles in middle school, but she successfully overcame them and is a talented player who even made it to the national tournament.

“Oda-san is the only basketball club member in Class C, but still…”

“It’s like, no matter how many of us there are, it’s hopeless…”

These two… Aikawa-san and Ueno-san came up from the same middle school as Oda-san. In other words, they’re internal students, and they must be keenly aware of Oda-san’s abilities.

“That’s not true at all. Aikawa-san, you have a wide field of vision and excellent situational judgment. The speed and timing of your passes are also wonderful. Ueno-san, you have the stamina to run from the beginning of the match to the end, and your shooting ability is quite something. Above all, you both have the fundamentals down perfectly. Isn’t that proof that you’ve been patiently continuing your tedious basic practice?”

“Yagiri-kun, you were watching us that closely…?”

“Don’t you remember? When we were in middle school, Oda-san invited me and I got to observe the girls’ basketball practice for a bit…”

“Well, I remember, but. I just thought you were only watching Oda-san…”

“That’s not true. I remember every single one of your efforts. Aikawa-san, Ueno-san… and all the other members, the way you all practiced so earnestly for the national tournament was so straightforward, and you all shone just as brightly as Oda-san, no less.”

Perhaps it’s because I’ve watched Ojou, who never drowns in her own talent or becomes arrogant, and has been working hard since she was a child. People who are trying their best seem to shine in my eyes. The desire to support such people, even a little, is something that’s ingrained in me by now.

“…Ah. That’s right. If you’d like, please use this, everyone.”

“This… a cooler bag? What’s in it?”

“As you advance in the ball game tournament, you’ll have more matches, so I’ve packed various things that can serve as energy supplements, like onigiri and jelly. I’ve prepared drinks as well, so please have them with Ojou and the others.”

“You went out of your way to prepare this?”

“Is this all handmade? To prepare all this, you must have been up early this morning…”

“This is all I can do.”

To be honest, I wanted to participate in the match and support Ojou, but I can’t play in the girls’ matches. It’s frustrating that this is all I can do.

“…Thank you. Yagiri-kun.”

“…We can’t just give up before the match starts. Yeah. We’ll do our best too!”

“Yes. Please do your best. I’ll be cheering for you from the sidelines.”

That is the very best I can do as one who serves Ojou.

“—That’s far enough, Eito.”

“…Hands up and stay put.”

Ojou herself and Otoha-san appeared in the classroom. They’ve already changed in the locker room and are wearing the Tenjouin Academy gym uniforms. It’s probably for exercise. They both have their hair tied back in ponytails today.

“Why the ‘hands up’…?”

““Just stay still. Please.””

I do as I’m told, but why I’ve been ordered to put my hands up is a complete mystery.

Ojou and Otoha-san glanced at Aikawa-san and Ueno-san, and then both started to look distressed.

“You’re kidding… In the brief moment we were changing…!?”

“…Far too… efficient…!”

I don’t really get it, but the two of them are already completely in sync.



They’ve been practicing together almost every day until today’s ball game tournament, after all.

“Eito. You go on to the boys’ side now.”

“But, there’s still plenty of time…”

“…We shouldn’t keep them waiting.”

Pushed from behind by the two of them, I was practically forced out toward where Yukimichi was.

“U-um, Ojou! Everyone! Good luck!”

☆

“Honestly… you can’t let your guard down for a second.”

“…There’s never a moment’s peace.”

I can only agree with Habataki-san’s words. The fact that we both sigh in unison probably means that, as much as it annoys me, we’re starting to get in sync.

“But Aikawa-san and Ueno-san will be fine. They’re at the ‘maybe I’m a little into him…?’ stage. They’re not a threat on the level of that thieving cat, Oda Honami.”

“…How can you tell?”

“A sixth sense honed over the years, perhaps…”

“…I sympathize.”

I don’t particularly like being sympathized with, but this time, it hits home. …I never thought the day would come when I could share this feeling with someone.

…Well, whatever. And besides, something good came out of it.

“Aikawa-san. Ueno-san. It seems you two have gotten a little more motivated to win.”

“Ahaha… Yeah. Well, you know.”

“I mean, you saw right through us, huh.”

“Unfortunately for you, I’m not unobservant, you know. A moment ago, it was painfully obvious you thought you had no chance of beating Oda Honami… but it seems that’s changed now?”

I have a lot of thoughts about Eito’s actions, but I’m grateful for the fact that he managed to loosen up these two.

“Rest assured. It’s true that with just the two of you, your chances of winning might be low… but this team has me and Habataki-san, and due to the number of players, it’s a four-on-four match. The game will be different from usual. And above all…”

““…Above all?””

Just as the two of them focused their gazes on me,

“For this ball game tournament, Habataki-san and I have undergone hellish, blood-sweat-and-tears-level training.”

I declared confidently, puffing out my chest.

““Blood-sweat-and-tears-level training…?””

The two of them are staring blankly at my words.

…That’s odd. This is the part where they’re supposed to be impressed and give a round of applause… Perhaps they’re misunderstanding, thinking we only did some half-hearted practice.

“That’s right. We didn’t do any half-hearted practice. We rented out facilities and even hired a former pro coach to train us thoroughly.”

“Whoa. As expected of the Tendou Group’s young lady…”

“Is that true? Habataki-san…”

“…Mm. Totally. I really want to win, so I worked hard.”

Habataki-san nods with a cool expression and makes a peace sign.

Seeing me and Habataki-san like that, Aikawa-san and Ueno-san look at each other and—

“Pfft. Hehe…”

“Ahahahaha!”

—for some reason, they burst out laughing.

“…Ah, sorry, sorry. It’s not like we’re making fun of you or anything.”

“It’s just, you’re so serious about a ball game tournament, so… hehe.”

It seems they’re not mocking us.

Even so, I didn’t expect to be laughed at… It’s only natural to be serious about the ball game tournament. We absolutely have to stop that poacher of a thieving cat.

“But still, ‘blood-sweat-and-tears-level training’…”

“Tendou-san… you’re a more interesting person than I thought.”

“Wh-…! I-Interesting?”

They said it again. Interesting? Doesn’t that make me sound like I’m some kind of comedian!?

“…Yeah. Tendou-san is interesting. And amusing.”

“Ahahaha. Habataki-san, you’re more interesting than I thought, too.”

“I mean, if you were doing intense training, you should have invited us.”

I did consider that. But…

“You two have basketball practice after school, don’t you.”

“…We couldn’t possibly cut into your club activity time for a ball game tournament.”

When I said that, Aikawa-san and Ueno-san’s eyes went wide.

“Tendou-san and you guys are surprisingly serious, huh…?”

“Right, right. It’s like, you feel more approachable than I thought…”

The two of them seem to be searching for the right words. Little by little, they spin them out.

“…How should I put it. It’s not that we were scared of you two or anything, but…”

“Unreachable flower, I guess? It felt like you were in a different league from us, so we couldn’t really talk to you… But if you’re this interesting, maybe we should have tried talking to you sooner.”

…So that’s how they saw us. Not that I particularly care, though.

“I see, I see. Intense training, huh. As members of the basketball club, we can’t lose either.”

“I feel like we can do this! Let’s aim for the championship together and do our best!”

In any case, it’s a good thing their morale is up.

“You’re not ‘aiming’ for it. You’re ‘winning’ it. Don’t get that wrong.”

“…I’m not interested in anything else.”

When Habataki-san and I declared that firmly, Aikawa-san and Ueno-san both nodded.

“You’re right! We can’t be scared!”

“Let’s win the championship! Us!”

☆

I wonder if the first of the girls’ matches has ended by now.

I wanted to cheer for Ojou, but unfortunately, she’d warned me beforehand, “There’s no need to cheer. Just look forward to the results,” so I had no choice but to give up.

Knowing Ojou, she’s probably won the first match.

She practiced so much after school, and though I feel bad for the opposing team, there’s no way she’d lose given the difference in strength.

“Oh, Eito. There you are in the courtyard. I was looking for you.”

“Yukimichi… Is our match soon?”

“That’s right. You’re punctual, so I’m not worried, but just in case. If you’re late, it’ll affect the team’s morale.”

“It’s not just Ojou and the others; you’re really fired up for this ball game tournament too, huh.”

“Hmph. Of course, I am. As a high school boy, it’s not just about academics; one must also earnestly engage in sports, shed pure and righteous sweat, and enjoy a wholesome youth—”

“And the real reason?”

“I want to get the special invitation ticket to Wonder Festival Land from winning and be popular with the girls.”

“Honesty is a virtue.”

The prize for winning the ball game tournament is different for each grade level.

For the first years, it’s a special invitation ticket to Wonder Festival Land… the super popular theme park that’s all the rage right now. They’re traded online for high prices and are considered difficult to obtain.

By the way, this Wonder Festival Land is mainly operated by a company under the Tendou Group, and after some improvements based on Ojou’s advice for several attractions, its sales and reputation have improved drastically.

“Aside from you, it’s amazing how hyped up the guys in our class get over a single theme park ticket.”

“A special invitation ticket to Wonder Festival Land is literally a magic ticket that’ll have girls flocking to you just by having it, dude. Of course we’d get fired up… And besides, you. It’s fine in front of me, but never say that in front of the other guys.”

“It’s not like I plan on going out of my way to say it, but… why not?”

“Just because. If you value your life, keep your mouth shut.”

Of course I value my life. Because if I die, I can’t serve Ojou.

“That first-year Class A girls’ basketball game was amazing.”

“Yeah. Honestly, I was shocked.”

Suddenly, the conversation of some male students caught my ear.

“It was a complete victory over Class D, right?”

“At this rate, they might even beat Class C, who are said to be the favorites to win.”

As expected of Ojou. It seems she won the match without any problems.

“Hey, hey, you guys. What are you doing watching basketball so seriously? That’s not the point, is it? What you should be paying attention to.”

A large male student joined the conversation of the students who were impressed by Ojou’s match. He had a sleazy, smirking expression on his face.

“Then what are you looking at?”

“Isn’t it obvious? Tendou’s sexy body and stuff.”

☆

“It’s a shame the boys and girls are separate. I’d like to invite her to play basketball after school or something, and use the confusion to touch those huge boobs of hers.”

“Ugh. You’re the worst right now.”

“Don’t act like a goody-two-shoes. You guys wanna come too? If we’re lucky, we might get to grope them.”

“No way. You’re an idiot.”

The large male student’s dirty laughter gradually faded into the distance.

Until not even a fragment of that voice could be heard, I, Kazami Yukimichi, couldn’t look Eito straight in the face.

Eito himself had frozen his body like a stone, not moving an inch. He probably did that so he wouldn’t let out even a hint of killing intent, and he probably knew that himself.

To begin with, Eito always strives to be a person worthy of serving his master, Tendou Hoshine. He believes that a stray like him must not become a stain on Tendou Hoshine. He must not cause her trouble. That’s why he tries to be a ‘good person worthy of a splendid master.’

…Well, because he tries so hard, he ends up planting flags all over the place, so it must be complicated for Tendou-san herself.

In any case, that’s why even now, he’s probably trying not to cause any unnecessary trouble and inconvenience his master… Well, I can feel the aura of anger coming off him like crazy, though.

“…Yukimichi. That guy just now, he’s in Class 1-E, right?”

“Wh-whoa… Yeah, he is. I’m surprised you knew.”

“This is the school Ojou attends. I’ve crammed the faces, names, and classes of every student into my head… So, we’re up against them…”

“…in the next match.”

“I see. That’s perfect.”

Eito’s face was smiling on the surface, but I could clearly see the dark aura gushing out of him. It’s so scary that I’m grateful he’s not my enemy.

“As high school boys, we must not only study but also engage in sports, shed pure and righteous sweat, and enjoy a wholesome youth. To the point that nasty insects can’t even think of such stupid things.”

Honestly, I thought the next match against Class E would be the toughest one.

Because the soccer club members, including that large bastard who just went beyond touching and stomped all over Eito’s last nerve, were all among the top players in the first year… But, there’s no longer any need to worry about the next match.

Eito’s motivation is now higher than anyone else’s on our team. In fact, we should probably be worried about the enemy.

After all, this is just a ball game tournament. Just soccer.

As long as you’re playing a normal game, there’s no problem.

For example, even if they lose so badly that their pride as soccer players is shattered and they lose all motivation to do anything after school, that’s still within the rules.

“This is one of those times—A moment of silence.”

I clasped my hands together in my heart for that large soccer player I don’t even know.

By the way, we, Class 1-A, achieved an unprecedented landslide victory and obtained the special invitation tickets to Wonder Festival Land.

☆

—In the end.

It seems that in the Tenjouin Academy ball game tournament, the first-year girls’ division victory was seized by Ojou’s Class 1-A.

“…It was a fierce battle.”

Otoha-san, speaking in the school courtyard, must be recalling the match. She’s nodding with a profound look on her face.

“…As expected of the rising star of the high school girls’ basketball world. I think we would have lost without the strength of everyone on the team and Hoshine.”

“Oda-san’s skills are indeed considerable, but to beat a team with her, even with teamwork and other factors, is a testament to your and Ojou’s skill.”

Individual strength is important, but basketball is a team sport.

What’s more, this was a ball game tournament, and her teammates were mostly amateurs. The number of players was also irregular compared to a normal match. Although various conditions were in place, Ojou and Otoha-san’s skill in taking advantage of those conditions was splendid.

“…Of course… There’s no way I… with Otoha and everyone else… would lose…”

Ojou, sitting on the bench with Otoha-san, sounds confident, but she’s drowsy, her eyelids about to close any second.

“…I won’t… hand him over… to a thieving cat…”

“…Completely exhausted.”

Ojou is leaning against Otoha-san’s shoulder. She’s on the verge of falling asleep… no, she just fell asleep right now.

“She trained quite a bit in preparation for today’s ball game tournament. The tension probably broke, and all the fatigue came rushing in at once.”

“…Eito. You look happy. Why?”

“I’m happy that you and Ojou won, of course, but—seeing the distance between you two shrink is what makes me happiest of all.”

Coincidentally, the bench Ojou and Otoha-san are sitting on now is the same one from her first day of transfer.

Back then, the two of them sat at opposite ends of the bench… but now, they’re sitting so their shoulders touch, leaning against each other.

Ojou and Otoha-san. It’s like it represents the distance between them now, and seeing it makes me happy and brings a smile to my face.

“…You think so?”

“I do. You’ve both started calling each other by your first names without realizing it.”

“…That was… in the heat of the match, it just happened.”

They’re both sore losers and a bit contrary, aren’t they.

The truth is, they probably acknowledged each other to some extent during their after-school practices, but couldn’t bring themselves to be honest and call each other by their first names.

But in the heat of the game, they naturally started calling each other by their first names… I suppose that’s how it was.

“You two are good friends now, aren’t you.”

“…Maybe so.”

Looking at Ojou sleeping soundly on her shoulder, Otoha-san lets out a soft smile.

To my eyes, she looked happy and joyful.

“Hoshine is my friend… Yeah. Friend.”

Otoha-san nods as if to confirm it for herself. It seems the fact that Ojou is her ‘friend’ has settled comfortably within her.

“…But, not just a friend.”

“And that means?”

“…A rival.”

A rival, huh. I did feel a competitive atmosphere between them, and I feel like they were constantly improving by spurring each other on during practice.

“…That’s why. As a rival, I have to say she’s being careless.”

After glancing at Ojou sleeping on her shoulder, Otoha-san turned back to me.

“…Eito. I want a reward.”

“A reward for winning the ball game tournament… you mean?”

“…Yeah. I worked hard.”

“Yes, you did. You worked very hard.”

…Hm?

“Um… so, you’re saying that I should give Otoha-san a reward?”

To my questioning query, Otoha-san gave a nod.

“The prize for the first years is the ‘Wonder Festival Land Special Invitation Ticket’… Let’s go on a date with this, okay?”

I won at soccer, and Otoha-san’s team won at basketball, so we both have this ‘Special Invitation Ticket.’ It would be a waste not to use them. Besides,

“Ah, about that. It’s fine. I’ve already heard from Ojou.”

“…What do you mean???”

“You’re talking about going to Wonder Festival Land with the invitation tickets, right? The three of us: me, you, and Ojou.”

“Three of us…?”

That’s strange. Otoha-san’s reacting like she’s hearing this for the first time.

“I heard from Ojou last night. She said, ‘If we win the ball game tournament, let’s use the prize invitation tickets and go out, the three of us, as a reward.’… And she also said, ‘I’m sure Habataki-san will invite you again herself,’ so. I just assumed this was about that…”

Right, right. As of yesterday, she was still calling her ‘Habataki-san,’ so I was a little surprised inside when she called her ‘Otoha’ just now.

“…No way… she read my moves…!?”

Otoha-san is looking at Ojou sleeping soundly on her shoulder in astonishment.

“…As expected of my rival… not to be underestimated…!”

“? Yes, that’s right. I think Ojou is amazing.”

I’m not sure what kind of rival she is, but since she said ‘as expected,’ she must be praising Ojou.

“Now then. Let’s start heading home. Before it gets too late.”

It feels wrong to wake Ojou up from her sleep on the bench.

As if handling a treasure, I delicately and gently lift Ojou into my arms.

For some reason, Otoha-san is watching this with an envious look, but,

“…I can’t help it. I’ll let you have this one for today.”

Saying so, Otoha-san also gets up from the bench.

“…But. I might want a different reward somewhere down the line. From you, of course, Eito.”

“Ahaha. If it’s something I can do, I’ll do whatever you ask.”

“…Yeah. I’ll think about it.”

☆

“Ojou. Please wake up, Ojou.”

Even after we arrived at the mansion, Ojou remained asleep. She’s sleeping on her bed, her eyelids closed, looking comfortable.

If she sleeps too much during the day, she won’t be able to sleep at night, so I’d like her to wake up soon… but since we both already showered at the academy, I kind of want to let her sleep.

“It’s almost time for dinner. Please wake up.”

“Nghh… no…”

She seems to be awake, but she’s still a little… no, quite groggy.

Waking Ojou up in the morning is tough. Usually, the maids wake her, but sometimes I get called.

“Eito, you sleep with me too…”

“I can’t do that. Come on, please wake up.”

“Nooo…”

Perhaps because she had few opportunities to be pampered by her parents when she was younger, Ojou tends to become very childish when she’s groggy like this. When she’s like this, she doesn’t listen to reason, and I hear the maids have a hard time with her.

One of the maids once taught me a trick.

Constantly rejecting her whining is counterproductive. The trick is to give in to her whining once to let her guard down.

“Alright. Just for a little bit, I’ll sleep with you.”

Chuckling wryly, I let myself into Ojou’s bed.

“Ngh…?”

As soon as Ojou saw my face in her bed, her expression softened.

“It’s Eito… hehehe ♪”

Oh. Her mood is improving. Maybe she’ll listen to me in a little bit?

“Squeeze…♪”

Still in a good mood, Ojou suddenly hugged me.

Just like hugging a doll or a body pillow.

“W-wait… Ojou?”

“♪”

My words don’t seem to be reaching her; all I can tell is that she has a happy, sleepy face. The reason I say ‘tell’ is because I can’t see Ojou’s face.

My head is being pressed into her well-developed, bountiful chest, and frankly, even breathing is difficult.

“Eito…”

…This is bad. The sleepiness in Ojou’s voice has clearly increased. She seems intent on sleeping again.

But I can’t just forcefully pull away.

“Reward… ngh…”

“…”

A reward, huh…

That’s right. Not just winning the ball game tournament, but today is a memorable day when Ojou made a friend.

Either way, the only reward I can give Ojou is to indulge her whims.

“Bwah!”

For now, I managed to escape from the soft, elastic twin mounds and secure my breathing, then gently stroked her hair, which was as beautiful and pleasant to the touch as silk.

“…Just for today.”

After a single glance at her lovely sleeping face, I decided to go back to being Ojou’s body pillow.

I’m sure I’ll wake up in the middle of the night, but I’ll cross that bridge when I come to it.

☆

“Ngh…?”

My hazy consciousness slowly awakens.

It’s dark. It’s warm, and comfortable… this feeling… I’m on a bed.

“Nghh…”

I realize that I must have fallen asleep at some point.

It’s probably still nighttime. The outside isn’t bright; it’s dark. If it were morning, a maid would come to wake me up.

Should I get up? But if I get up now, I feel like my eyes will be wide awake and I won’t be able to sleep again. And for some reason, today, I want to resist the act of ‘waking up’.

It’s strange. I’ve never felt this strongly about not wanting to get out of this bed.

I’m not a morning person to begin with, but… I don’t want to let go of this reassuring warmth.

That’s right. I don’t want to let go… let go of what?

My pillow? No, that’s not it. Because my pillow isn’t this warm, and the size is different.

A body pillow? No, that’s not it either. I don’t own a body pillow.

A stuffed animal? No, that’s also wrong. It’s too big for a stuffed animal, and I can hear something like breathing.

Hesitantly, I open my eyes.

“…Eito?”

What I was hugging before I knew it was, without a doubt, the one and only Yagiri Eito.

Eh? Eh? Why? How?

I don’t understand. I’m too confused to understand.

No. Calm down. At times like this, you have to calm down, Tendou Hoshine.

Calm down, be rational, and sort out the events happening before your eyes.

① I fell asleep at some point.

② When I woke up, I was sleeping while hugging Eito.

The conclusion drawn from this is… Nothing…! Nothing comes of it…!

Aargh, honestly! There’s no way I can be calm in a situation like this!

Improvement suggestions for theme park attractions or new menus for a nationwide coffee chain, I can come up with as many of those as you want.

Getting top scores on national mock exams or achieving good results in sports, I can do that too.

Understanding the current situation is far more difficult than any of that. In fact, it’s impossible.

…But, why is Eito letting me hug him so calmly?

What if he doesn’t like it? What if he hates it… It’s scary, but… I have to look at Eito’s face properly. If he looks like he dislikes it, I have to apologize.

“Suu… suu…”

Eh. What is this cute creature.

…Come to think of it, I’ve rarely seen Eito’s sleeping face. He doesn’t sleep until I do, after all.

“So this is what your face looks like…”

Cute. Eito has a beautiful face, but when he’s sleeping, he looks a little younger.

“Hehe…”

I try stroking his head. It’s silky and feels nice to stroke. Maybe I should ask to touch it more often from now on.

“…”

No. Stroking his head. Can I really be satisfied with something like that?

Am I not getting caught up in the small thing in front of me (no, it’s not small by any means, but let me call it a small thing for now) and about to let go of something bigger?

Calm down. At times like this, you have to calm down, Tendou Hoshine.

Calm down, be rational, and sort out the events happening before your eyes.

① It’s night.

② Eito is here.

③ This is a bed.

“…I see.”

I won’t say what’s what, but… perhaps I should consider the possibility that by some chance, coincidence, unavoidably, due to force majeure, some kind of mistake (it’s not a mistake for me, though) might occur?

“…!”

My heart pounds. It beats fast, filling the air with its sound.

I try to bring my face closer… and then it hits me.

I exercised a lot at the ball game tournament today…

I did take a shower at school. Still, I’m concerned. Just in case. Yes, just in case. It’s definitely not because I chickened out or anything like that.

“Alright.”

I shake off the irresistible comfort all at once and get up.

My mind was spinning, as if my earlier sluggishness was a lie.

I’ll take a bath. Since I mustn’t waste time, I’ll have a light meal prepared in the meantime.

If my stomach growls at a crucial moment, it might ruin the mood and everything.

Strike while the iron is hot (this is good, no matter what anyone says). Eito will surely wake up. Before that…!

I washed my body as quickly and more thoroughly than ever before in my life, had a light meal, brushed my teeth, wrapped myself in the special negligee I’d bought just in case… and returned to the battlefield.

All that’s left is to get back into bed with a nonchalant face. I even have my lines ready.

Whoa, what a surprise. I had no idea Eito was here.

What perfect acting… I might have a talent for being an actress.

“…Okay. It’s okay. You’re okay, me.”

Now that I’m here, I’m starting to feel embarrassed after all, but my courage is winning out over it.

…Because I love him this much already.

All that’s left is to open this door and slip into bed. It’s nothing. It’s just getting into my own bed.

“I’m coming in… okay. I’m going in now…! I’ll go in on three, two, one…! Three… two…”

“Ojou, are you going to bed?”

“That’s right. Not just going to bed, I’m returning to bed. It’s the final battle.”

“? Is that so. You seem tired today, so please get a good rest.”

“Yes. Good night, Eito.”

Alright, let’s start over.

On three, two, one, this time I’m really going in…! Three… two…

One… z…ro…

…………………………………………

“…Eito?”

“Is something the matter, Ojou.”

“…You’re awake?”

“Yes. Or rather, I fell asleep without realizing it… I am deeply sorry.”

“I see… No, it’s totally fine for you to sleep, but…”

If I look closely, Eito has already changed from his uniform into a shirt, and I have a feeling his hair is just a little damp.

“…Are you going to sleep now too, Eito?”

“Ah, yes. I have already taken a bath and am ready for bed.”

In other words, while I was getting ready, Eito was doing the same thing in parallel.

…How could this happen! Just because I chickened out back then…! Ah, no. That’s a lie. There’s no way I would chicken out! It’s just that it turned out that way as a result!

“Well then, please have a good night. Ojou.”

Eito bows his head politely.

…It seems I’ve swung and missed. Aah… In the end, this time too…

“Ah, yeah… good night…”

Just like always, I turn to go back to my own room—

“…Wait.”

I had grabbed the hem of Eito’s clothes.

“Ojou?”

“…I worked very hard today.”

“Yes. You did. Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to see it directly, but I believe you did your very best, Ojou.”

“So, give me a reward.”

I’m aware that I’m saying something strange. But I felt that if I backed down here like I always do, I’d never be able to move forward.

“You’re tired, and I’m tired… so, that’s right. Sleep with me. I feel like I’ll be able to get rid of my fatigue that way… as long as you sleep next to me, that’s enough… is that no good?”

Asking for something like this. It’s childish and embarrassing, but I couldn’t afford to care about my appearance.

“…Hehe.”

“…Eito?”

For some reason, Eito was laughing.

“Ah, my apologies. Ojou, you were saying the same thing in your sleep.”

“R-Really!?”

Asking for a reward unconsciously… what’s that about. It’s kind of… embarrassing.

“If I am adequate, I will become a body pillow to support Ojou’s peaceful sleep.”

“R-Right… Yes. Please do.”

Steeling myself, I stretch out both my arms. Like a child begging to be held.

“…Hold me. Carry me to the bed.”

“As you wish, Ojou.”

Just like that, Eito swept me up in his arms.

“As a reward, you see.”



☆

Ojou, in my arms, was as meek as a borrowed cat. She allowed herself to be held, and was silent until she was lowered onto the bed. For a moment, I worried that her body had turned to stone.

“W-wasn’t I heavy…?”

“Not at all. You were as light as a feather.”

“…There you go saying things like that again.”

“I am merely stating a fact.”

Ojou, looking embarrassed, turns her face away with a huff.

But with her back still turned, she let slip a murmur.

“…Hey. Aren’t you going to sleep with me?”

It seems Ojou is in a clingy mood today. Seeing this side of her, after having seen only her cheerful and innocent side recently, fills me with a sense of nostalgia.

“It’s alright. I won’t go anywhere.”

“…That’s not what I mean.”

Smiling wryly at the somewhat displeased Ojou, I fearfully knelt on the bed.

“Then, excuse me.”

The pristine white sheets wrinkled, and a faint creak soaked into the dimly lit room. Just like that, I lay down next to Ojou.

“…”

Lying on my back on the bed, I closed my eyes.

I haven’t trained so softly as to be exhausted by a mere ball game tournament, but thanks to the moderate exercise, I’ll probably be able to fall asleep again soon at this rate.

“…Eito. Are you awake?”

“I’m awake.”

My eyes are closed so I can’t see what Ojou is doing, but I can hear some rustling. Immediately after, a warm, soft sensation pressed against my body.

“Ojou?”

“…A substitute for a body pillow. That was supposed to be the reward.”

When I involuntarily opened my eyes, the source of the warmth and sensation was revealed.

Ojou, dressed in a negligee of an elegant and cute pale pink design, was clinging to my body.

“You’re right.”

“Mmm… so, let me sleep like this today.”

“Yes. Please sleep just like that.”

Ojou buries her face in my chest and closes her eyes.

Is it because we’re so close? A sweet, flower-like scent wafted from Ojou, who had just gotten out of the bath. Watching Ojou, who has entrusted her body to me in complete peace, a sense of affection wells up from the bottom of my chest.

When she was young, Ojou often felt lonely because her beloved parents were always busy with work.

But she never let her parents know, and often held in her sadness and loneliness, crying by herself (of course, I rushed to her side every time).

As a rebound from that, I feel she’s become a little clumsy at being honest or affectionate with those around her.

She can handle business-like conversations and respond appropriately when spoken to, but she has few people she can call friends. The number of people she can be herself with, besides me and the people at the mansion, is probably limited to a very small number of acquaintances, including Yukimichi.

…And that Ojou has made a friend at school.

I think it’s a big step for Ojou, and I want to celebrate that today.

If I were allowed, I would want to hug her with all the joy and affection welling up inside me.

“You can… hug me, you know.”

“—Eh?”

Her words, as if she’d read my mind, made me fail to react for a moment.

“H-Hey, now. It was the ball game tournament today, and you must be tired too, right?”

Ah, so that’s it. Ojou is worried about my fatigue.

That was a surprise… Ojou certainly has good intuition. That’s something she inherited from her mother, whose intuition is so sharp she’s whispered to be able to see the future… but it’s impossible, right? To read minds.

“Please don’t worry. It’s true that I went a little wild today, but I haven’t trained so softly as to be exhausted by a ball game tournament.”

“You’re tired, aren’t you?”

“Ojou. Please don’t worry about me…”

“Eito. You are very tired today.”

…What is this. I feel an immense pressure.

“Um… yes. I’m tired.”

“I see. In that case, you should hold me and get rid of your fatigue.”

“Eh?”

“…What is it. Are you saying I’m not enough as a body pillow?”

“That’s not it. In fact, it’s an unparalleled luxury… ah, no. That’s not what I mean.”

Whoops. I almost got carried away by Ojou’s words.

“Um… are you alright with that, Ojou? If anything, aren’t you the one who’s tired today?”

“It’s fine. I recover better that way.”

“Understood. In that case, I will do so.”

Ojou worked very hard today. As a reward, I have to listen to this much of a whim.

“Excuse me.”

As gently as I could, as if handling glasswork, I wrapped Ojou’s body in my hands.

Ojou’s body is slender, delicate, soft, and warm… it makes me want to treasure her.

“…!”

“I’m sorry. If it’s unpleasant, I’ll stop right away…”

“N-No, it’s not that!”

The moment I hugged her, Ojou’s body jumped with a start.

“Um… being held like this in bed… it just made my heart race. There’s absolutely no way I would dislike it from you, Eito.”

“…I see. I’m glad.”

I was truly relieved from the bottom of my heart.

Being hated by Ojou is more terrifying than being hated by everyone in the world.

“…”

Before I knew it, I was gently stroking Ojou’s hair.

“Hyan!”

“Ah, I’m sorry. Unconsciously… I just…”

“I-It’s fine. If it’s you, Eito… as much as you want.”

Oops. Unconscious or not, what am I doing?

Just being in the same bed and holding her like this is an outrageous thing, what am I getting carried away for?

“…Aren’t you going to continue?”

“C-Continue?”

“Aren’t you going to stroke my head anymore?”

Ojou looks up at me from within my arms. Seeing her like that, a mischievous spirit sweetly stirred within me.

“…Do you wish for it?”

“…Yeah.”

“Then, please ask for it properly.”

“Eh…”

I don’t know what I’m saying myself. But seeing Ojou, who is always so cheerful and confident, acting so spoiled in my arms, I feel like a part of me I don’t know is showing its face from deep within.

“If you don’t ask, I won’t stroke it for you.”

“Ugh…”

My body moves on its own, and I cup Ojou’s cheek in my hand.

…Ah. This is bad. Seeing Ojou’s expression with her teary eyes, my self-control is slipping even more. This is not good. It’s not good, but I can’t stop. Was my will always this weak?

“…te.”

“Your voice is as lovely as a bird’s chirp, but I can’t hear you.”

“…Today’s Eito is a little mean.”

“You’re right. It seems the me right now is mean.”

Normally, she would glare at me in protest, but tonight’s Ojou doesn’t have her usual vigor. That appearance of hers makes my self-control slip even more.

“What is it that you want, Ojou?”

“…want you to…”

Her voice is small. But when I stroked her cheek, Ojou’s face turned bright red and she opened her mouth again.

“…I want Eito to pat my head.”

“Very well done.”

“Ngh…”

What kind of smile was that, that just slipped out? While avoiding thinking too deeply about it, I gently stroked Ojou’s hair. Ojou in my arms, though embarrassed, lets me do as I please.

“…Good night, Ojou. Sweet dreams.”

If I continue any further, something will surely break. Mustering my last bit of willpower, I decided to fall asleep.

☆

Bathed in the morning sun streaming through the window, I was tasting defeat.

“…”

I did my best last night. I did my best, a lot.

If anything, I was planning to settle the match right then and there, and I had mustered up that much courage.

But when I opened the lid…

“To be countered and defeated again…”

Countered and defeated. A complete loss. There’s no other way to describe it, and it can only be described that way.

When I woke up, Eito was not in the bed. His side was empty.

By the way, I was properly wearing my battle uniform (negligee). If anything, it had gotten a little disheveled while I was sleeping, and one of the shoulder straps had slipped off… but it seems he didn’t touch it.

“Do I… not have that much charm…?”

I am aware that I’m well-developed for my age. Because I’m aware, I’ve used it. I was prepared to use anything I could. But even seeing me in such a disheveled state, it seems Eito did nothing.

I think he’s a gentleman, but as someone who challenged him with the intention of winning, it’s a little sad.

…Well. Last night’s Eito was hard to call a gentleman, but that was what was good about it.

“Ugh… that’s against the rules.”

Just remembering how I begged him is embarrassing, and there’s a part of me that’s thrilled by the mean Eito… In fact, I might even like it. That side of Eito, too.

“…I wonder if he’ll be mean to me again if I ask.”

Thinking such a thing made me even more embarrassed of my shameless self.

☆

Bathed in the morning sun streaming through the window, I was tasting self-loathing.

“…”

Of all people, to do such a thing to the master I serve… to Ojou.

“Nn…”

The Ojou in question is currently sleeping soundly and peacefully next to me.

Her clothes must have gotten disheveled while she was sleeping. One of her shoulder straps has slipped off, shamelessly exposing her white, glossy shoulder.

“…Honestly. You’re too defenseless.”

When I gently stroked her head, Ojou let out a lovely cry even in her sleep.

…Yeah. From now on, even if I’m ordered to become a body pillow, I should find some reason to refuse. I’d like to avoid a repeat of last night.

I entangle my fingers in her silky-smooth hair and scoop it up.

On that golden, lovely hair that sparkles in the morning sun, I silently place a kiss.

“Please don’t ask for such a reward again, because it makes me want to tease you.”

With a final kiss on her hair, I pushed the mischievous spirit that had shown its face back into the depths of my heart.

…But. This mischievous spirit that I’ve now acknowledged once. It seems it will be a little difficult to control and suppress it from now on.

