Afterword
To those of you I’m meeting for the first time, it’s a pleasure.

To those it’s been a while for, it’s been a while. I’m Hidari Ryu.

Whether you’re about to read this or have already finished, thank you for choosing this work.

This work, “Ever Since I Got Confessed To, Something’s Been Off About the Young Lady,” is the recipient of an award in the 3rd HJ Novels Grand Prize (First Half) “Let’s Become a Novelist” category. By the way, the title at the time was, “When I Told the Young Lady I Serve, ‘Another Girl Confessed to Me,’ She Started Getting Super Flustered.” It’s not… that I changed the title for publication. During the selection process, I just kind of thought, “This title’s a bit of a mess… guess I’ll change it,” so I did. I think the current title is a lot more put-together.

I might have written this somewhere before, but this work is composed of three points:

・ I want to write about a romance-klutz, blonde, young lady heroine.

・ I want to write about a good-lookin’ guy who calls her ‘Ojou.’

・ I want to write a bright and fun rom-com.

That’s about it. By the way, the “bright and fun rom-com” part can be substituted with “a ridiculously stupid rom-com.”

Anyway, it was a lot of fun writing about Ojou, a.k.a. Hoshine.

It’s just fun watching a cute, long-haired, blonde young lady go full-on comedy mode, spin her wheels, and get shot down in return, isn’t it?

For this volume, the illustrator, Takehana Note-sama, gave Hoshine a little hair antenna when designing the character. I didn’t particularly envision Hoshine having a hair antenna during the writing stage, but I think it’s a perfect fit for a character who carries both the ‘romance’ and ‘comedy’ parts of ‘rom-com’ all on her own. Thank you so much, Takehana Note-sama.

Hoshine is the type of girl to let her top-tier specs go to complete waste, and I hope she continues to waste them more and more. I think she probably will.

She may be the heroine, but this work is also “a story about a young lady trying to capture a guy’s heart,” so she’s also the protagonist. Because of that, one might think, “Doesn’t that make the supposed protagonist, Kagehito, feel a little… overshadowed?” But Kagehito is both the protagonist and an impregnable, high-difficulty final boss, so I guess it’s fine. As for this protagonist of ours, I, Hidari Ryu, am from the generation that grew up consuming stories about “first-class flag architect” protagonists, so that influence comes through pretty strongly.

These days, one-on-one rom-coms with a single heroine are the mainstream, so this might feel like a rare throwback, and I think this work itself has become a Heisei-era rom-com that really feels like the Heisei era. But I still love that kind of stuff, so I’d like to carry on the power of Heisei.

And then there’s Habataki Otoha. She was introduced as the other heroine. To be a threat to Hoshine, she had to have the specs to match… and so, she’s a diva. With a different kind of energy and tempo from Hoshine, she was also fun to write. …Or so I thought, but she often gets dragged along by Hoshine’s energy, and I feel like she’s been “colored” by it, for better or worse. Both Hoshine and Otoha are such standout individuals that they don’t have many people they can call friends. They’re rivals challenging the same high-difficulty boss, but I think the two of them can become good friends.

And now for some acknowledgements!

First, to my editor, A-sama! Thank you so much! As someone who truly understood this work, you were an immense help!

To Takehana Note-sama, who was in charge of the illustrations! Thank you for the wonderful art! From the character designs to the cover, everything was just the best! I believe you used the power of your illustrations to elevate the cuteness of Hoshine—who spins her wheels with reckless abandon—beyond its limits!

And… to the many people who lent their strength to get this book published, and to all the readers who picked up this book, thank you.

I hope we can meet again.

