Episode 15: I’m Home
On a summer evening, Haruki walked home alone, her steps light. She was aware of her own buoyancy.

She’d stayed late handling errands for her homeroom teacher—a common occurrence. Normally, she volunteered eagerly, a way to delay returning to her empty house. But today, something about her seemed different to others.

(Did I really look that restless?)

She recalled being apologized to at every stop for “keeping her when she was in a hurry.” It was a first, and she hadn’t felt rushed herself.

(Maybe they sensed I wanted to apologize for this morning…)

She knew her morning prank had gone too far. Thinking of Hayato’s sulky face all day at the desk next to hers, she let out a wry smile. The prank could’ve strained their bond, but Haruki smirked, oddly certain it wouldn’t.

“Hey, Haru-chan. Heading home now?”
“Hime-chan. Yup.”

Near the residential area, she ran into Himeko, also on her way back from school. They naturally fell into step together. Himeko had been studying with friends in the library, and as they walked, her complaints about exhaustion and entrance exams filled the air. Haruki noticed Himeko had completely forgotten last night’s shirt incident, chuckling at how similar she was to Hayato.

“…Haru-chan, you seem awfully cheerful.”
“Huh? Do I?”

Her smile had been unconscious, only noticed when Himeko pointed it out. Himeko gave her a briefly puzzled look but shrugged and resumed her grumbling, continuing toward home.

“I’m home—ugh, Onii, you’re so gloomy!”
“…Shut it.”
“Haha.”

At the apartment, Haruki and Himeko found Hayato sullenly chopping eggplants and leeks into strips. Minced pork and doubanjiang hinted at mapo eggplant for dinner. His relentless slicing betrayed his frustration.

Himeko glanced between her brother’s moodiness and Haruki’s wry smile, sighing in exasperation.

“Geez, Haru-chan, what’d you do? If you know, apologize! I don’t wanna eat with this sour vibe.”
“…Oh.”

Nudged by Himeko, Haruki hesitantly approached Hayato, her face apologetic. He glanced at her but kept chopping. Undeterred, she tilted her head, peering at him.

“I… might’ve gone overboard. Sorry?”
“…Hmph.”

With a big sigh, Hayato stopped, turned, and scratched his head, his tone a mix of exasperation and resignation.

“…Welcome back.”
“…!”

Haruki froze, surprised, then processed his words. Embarrassment and joy welled up as she replied.

“I’m home!”

Her face bloomed with the brightest smile since reuniting with Hayato.